[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Cell made his move to
absorb Android 17...!
Piccolo struggled valiantly to
fend off the monster s advance,
but in the end,
his efforts were in vain.
Now, nothing stands
between Cell and his prey...
Fine, come and get me!
But I promise you--!
You are not taking
me without a fight!
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[NARRATOR]
[ANDROID 17]
You monster!
[EXPLOSION]
You think I m just
gonna roll over for you?!
[ANDROID 17 GROANS IN PAIN]
[CELL]
Now, you were saying?
Because it seems to me
you roll over pretty easily.
I tried to warn you...
There s no point in resisting.
You re right...
Maybe it would be
a good idea to run.
Yes... Go now...
I will stay behind.
If both you and
Seventeen are absorbed,
there will be no way to stop
Cell from destroying this world.
He will win.
So what are you going to do?
I will destroy Cell.
The time for me
to fight has come...
My search for Goku
will have to wait.
[ANDROID 18] Have you lost
your mind, Sixteen?!
Don t go...!
You ll be destroyed!
I am glad to have met you...
Thanks to you and Seventeen,
I have seen that the
world is a good place.
[ANDROID 16] It was fun
traveling with you.
Wait, now this one s
going out there...?!
He thinks he can
take Cell...? Really?
What do you say, Seventeen,
are you ready to be absorbed?
You... hideous freak...!
I ll never join you...!
Just looking at that
slimy shriveled up face of yours
makes me want to puke!
[CELL LAUGHS]
Aw, such harsh words...
Play nice now-- after all,
this is about to
be your face, too.
[ANDROID 17]
Curse you...!
Ah-Ahh...
Welcome home.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Stop it...!
You monster...! I said no!
[ANDROID 17 GRIMACES]
[CELL LAUGHS SLOWLY]
[CELL]
Huh?
Ahhh...
So the big one has
decided to come out and play?
What do you think
you re doing, Sixteen...?
Don t tell me you're... wait...
you re planning to fight?
Yes, there is
no other choice.
But... you don t
have a chance!
According to my calculations,
Cell and I have
almost equal power.
[ANDROID 17]
What...?
Ahhhh...!
[INTENSE FIGHTING NOISES]
[ANDROID 16 YELLS]
[OTHERS REACT SHOCKED]
Ha...! Too easy!
Now, to take
your bioenergy.
[CELL BEGINS TO POWER UP]
It s... not working...
Hmph...
You're completely synthetic!
[ANDROID 16 BELLOWS ANGRILY]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[EXPLOSION]
[CELL SCREAMS AFTER
GETTING STEPPED ON]
[ANDROID 16 GRIMACES AS HE
PULLS CELL'S TAIL]
[SNAP]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[ANDROIDS 17 AND 18
REACT SHOCKED]
He really did it!
Now there is no danger
of you absorbing
Seventeen and Eighteen.
[CELL GASPING]
You haven t stopped me.
I have Piccolo s Namekian
DNA as a part of my design.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL BELLOWS]
[CELL] I can easily regenerate
something so minor as a tail.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Then in order to
prevent you from
reaching your perfect form...
I will have to destroy
you completely.
Will you now... Not likely.
Even so, I must still try.
[CELL] Well...
Good luck with that.
[CELL BELLOWS AND POWERS UP]
[WIND BLOWS]
Hi...
[ANDROID 16 POWERS UP]
[BLAST]
[CELL LET'S OUT A LONG SCREAM]
[METAL CONNECTING]
[ANDROID 16 SCREAMS WITH RAGE]
[CELL SLAMS INTO GROUND]
[METAL DISCONNECTING]
[ELECTRONIC WHIRRING
INTENSIFIES]
Burning Flash... Fire!!
[BLAST]
[ANDROID 16 BELLOWS]
[MASSIVE EXPLOSION]
[SECONDARY EXPLOSION]
[MULTIPLE MINI EXPLOSIONS]
[KRILLIN THINKS]
Wow, that s some explosion...
What s goin on back there?
[KRILLIN THINKS]
It can t be Piccolo...
I felt his energy
disappear a while ago...
so that means...
it must be Cell and one
of the other androids!
[GOHAN]
Hey... Dad--!
[GOKU] Yeah...
I felt it, too.
Cells energy is dropping...
but who is he fighting?
[GOKU]
Whoever you are...
I just hope you can keep it up!
Amazing...
[ANDROID 17] You ve...
got to be kidding me...
There's... no...
way he s that strong.
Sixteen...!
[ANDROID 16]
What are you doing...?!
Run...! You are not
safe here, Eighteen!
What is there to worry about...?
You just took
care of Cell, I d say.
Negative!
It will take much more
than that to defeat Cell;
my attack has only
slowed him down momentarily...
Leave here while you can...!
[ANDROID 16]
You must, Seventeen!
Seriously?
[ANDROID 17] After that
humiliation he just put me
through, you really
think I d leave before
I ve gotten some payback?
You messed him up pretty good...
But I m gonna be the one that
finishes this fight, got it?
[ANDROID 17]
You hear that, you freak?!
You re mine now...!
You still want to absorb me?
Then come on! I m right here!
I m not leaving this place
until I ve squashed you like
the overgrown cockroach you are!
[TIEN] Seventeen!
Behind you! Watch out!
So sorry to keep you waiting!
Stop...!
Let me outta here...! You freak!
No-o-o!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
He... swallowed him whole!
[CELL REACTS WITH
CRAZED GIBBERISH]
[ANDROID 17]
Ahhh...!
[CELL'S BODY REACTS
TO ABSORBING ANDROID 17]
[ANDROID 16]
Run Eighteen!
[ANDROID 16] We must
get as far away as we can!
You would be
wise to do the same!
Cell s power level is rising
like crazy all of a sudden...
That s not good.
[GOKU]
They couldn t hold him off...
He must have absorbed
one of the other androids...!
[CELL SIZZLING WITH
ELECTRICAL CURRENT]
Come, Eighteen...!
We have little time!
Running is no
longer an option...
[TIEN]
He s got them...
What do we do now...?!
There s no point in running...
Stay a while...
Relax. (heh heh)
[TIEN THINKS]
I m sorry, Chiaotzu.
I might not be making it back...
[CELL] I admit...
I m just as impressed by
my new speed as you are.
It would seem absorbing
Seventeen was
well worth the trouble.
[CELL] I wonder
what else I can do...
[BLAST]
Yes... It appears my power has
been given a boost as well.
[CELL]
Oh yeah.
So, Eighteen...
Very good.
[CELL] You ve clearly
realized that you have no
possible chance for escape.
Which means your
only choice is to submit.
Come... Join with me, Eighteen.
Let us discover
perfection together.
Huh?
I d stay back if I were you...
Take one step closer
and I ll self-destruct.
I m guessing you wouldn t
like that very much.
[CELL USES 17'S VOICE]
Please don t do anything
foolish, Eighteen...
Listen... It ll be okay.
I didn t like the idea
of joining Cell either...
But I was so wrong...!
It s great!
You should let him
absorb you right away.
Trust me-- you won t believe
how incredible it feels
to have this kind of power!
Is that really you,
Seventeen...?
[ANDROID 16] No...
It is a trick, Eighteen!
Do not listen...!
Cell is only using Seventeen s
voice in order to confuse you!
[CELL] Silence toaster!
Keep quiet.
I think Eighteen is capable
of recognizing her own brother.
Aren t you, Eighteen...
Hear him out.
It s good in here now,
but with you
it would be perfect!
We would be
the ultimate android,
and we could fulfill
all of our father s wishes!
We can defeat Goku
and then turn this entire
world into our playground!
No...! I ve heard enough!
That is not Seventeen!
We hated Doctor Gero for
stealing our lives from us
and turning us into
his pet androids...
The last thing Seventeen cared
about was fulfilling his wishes!
If you refuse to
come to me willingly,
I will simply
take you by force!
And don t bother
self-destructing...
It ll take you a second or two
to power up the blast...
which will be more
time than I need.
[CELL] With my new speed,
I could close the distance
between us before you
could even lift a finger.
[CELLS CHUCKLES OMINOUSLY]
You cannot win.
No...
Really...?
You must be joking,
what do you think you can do?
This...!
Tri-Be-e-e-e-am...
Ha-a-a-a!
[MASSIVE BLAST]
What s that?
Uh... That s Tien s
energy, isn t it?!
Don t tell me
he s actually
trying to take on
Cell by himself!
Go! Now s your chance...!
I can t hold him off for long!
[CELL]
Why-y-y, you-u-u-u !
[NARRATOR] Tien is forced to
take extreme measures!
--next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[GOKU]
Hey-- It s me, Goku!
You ve got to stop this, Tien!
While you re going all out,
Cell is barely breaking a
sweat!
[TIEN]
Hmph, you re right...
But I wouldn t be able
to live with myself if
I just stood by doing nothing.
I may not be much compared
to you Super Saiyans,
but I still have my pride!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[TIEN] You guys can
take over any time!